---
title: Hello World
permalink: hello-world
published: 2018-07-05
tags:
    - Meta
---

This is my shiny new blog. If this is the first article you're reading, welcome! 

What is this about? Well, I'm going to write about anything I find awesome or useful, things I'm currently learning about or projects I'm building. I'll be happy if this is useful for at least a person, so if you found it interesing, please **leave me a comment**!

```scala
object Blog {
  def main(args: Array[String]): Unit = {
    println("Hello, world!")
  }
}
```

## Target audience
In the previous paragraph I said I'll write about anything I like, but this is not entirely true. I'm passionate about a lot of things, but here I'm only going to talk about one of my passions: Computer Science. Furthermore, there are tons of different fields in Computer Science, but I'll be mainly writing about:
 
 - Big Data
 - Programming languages
 - Functional programming (mainly with Scala)
 - Algorithms
 - Data structures. 

If you like any of these, you will be feel like home here. If not, maybe you will still find something that interests you.

## Discussion
Nobody is perfect, and neither am I. In fact, English is not my native language, so I won't write perfectly all the time. If you find something that makes you want to tear your eyes off, you can send me a merge request on [Github]. 

I make a lot of mistakes while talking about Computer Science too. So, if you think something is misleading or plainly wrong, please write a comment below the post so we can discuss it.

[Github]: https://github.com/mpasa/personal-page
